HEADER
Mohamed Ghaith Talbi
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software Engineer
talbimouhamed24@gmail.com
54302753
Ariana mohamed-ghaith-talbi
med-ghaith
SKILLS
infrastructure ( Docker ) with tools like Debezium and Schema Registry . Technologies : Spring boot, React, Kafka, Git, Debezium, Docker
Programming languages
C#, Java, Python, Javascript , DAX
Summer internship
Saxli Textile
Big Data & ETL Technologies
Apache Spark, PySpark, Talend, SSIS, ADF, Kafka
Databases
MySQL, Mongodb, MSSQL , PostgreSQL
Frameworks and Libraries
Technologies
: Symfony, React, Git, Docker
.Net, Spring boot, React, Redux, Angular, Symfony
Dashboarding
Microsoft Power BI, SSRS
Workflow Managment
Jira, Git
DevOps & Infrastructure
Docker, Git/  GitHub, Linux, CI/  CD Pipelines (Jenkins), Sonarqube, Prometheus, Grafana
DevOps Project
Established a continous integration pipeline for a spring boot and Angular application
Integrated and configured Jenkins as the automation server, orchestrating the build,test and deployment processes
Technologies : Jenkins, Git, Docker, Nexus, Sonarqube, Prometheus, Grafana.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
PROFILE
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Web Master
Kounouz Agency
Worked in an agile Scrum environment collaborating with backend and operations teams.
Implemented RESTful APIs and contributed to the integration with Kafka for asynchronous communication.
Designed and optimized data pipeline architecture for microservices infrastructure.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
I am a highly dedicated and motivated developer  .  I  am  enthusiastic  about  taking  on meaningful  projects  that  will  make  a  positive impact in the professional realm. I am excited to embark on this journey and contribute meaningfully  to  any  organization  I  become  a part of.
PROJECTS
Business Intelligence System Development for Travel Agencies 01/2023 - 05/2023
Designed and developed a BI system for a travel agency, optimizing data storage with data warehouse models and integrating diverse datasets using Python, Talend, and web scraping .
06/2023 - 08/2023
Developed a RESTful API with Symfony , including entity modeling, relationships, validation rules, and secure business logic.
Built a dynamic React dashboard to manage products, orders, customers, and maintenance requests with real-time status updates.
Technologies : Talend, Power BI, PostgreSQL, Python.
01/2023 - 03/2023
EDUCATION
Computer science engineering degree
Orchestrated data workflows using Airflow DAGs to automate data ingestion, transformation, and pipeline monitoring across multiple services.
09/2021 - 12/2024
.Net, React, Kafka, Git, Docker, Airflow
Esprit
Technologies:
Fundamental competence in computer science
End of study internship
Higher institute of computer science and management of kairouan 09/2018 - 07/2021
ADERFIA INC
Designed and implemented real-time data pipelines using Kafka Connect and Debezium for Change Data Capture (CDC).
Ensured data consistency and scalability using a containerized
LANGUAGES
Arabic
English (B2+)
French
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Member of Google club
01/2020 - 05/2022