HEADER
MULTI-SKILLED ENGINEERING MANAGER
REQUIREMENTS
Microsoft Project Microsoft O fice Microsoft Visio
IBM Rationale DOORS
Communication/Presentations Risk Analysis
Process Improvement CMPro
Supervised the insta lation of numerous flight simulators throughout the United States, United Kingdom and South Korea.
Electrical Engineer 11/2001 to 05/2005
Designed electrical systems to be integrated in military flight simulators.
These systems included AC/DC power distribution, video distribution, control loaders and communication systems. Designed wire harnesses for military flight simulators.
This e fort consisted of specifying the components, wire and connector sizing, and interfaces.
Developed design specifications, schematics and assembly drawings for the manufacturing of military flight simulators.
Played an integral part in the production of the first high fidelity F-15 flight simulator based on an architecture consisting of personal computers.
Initiated the trade study to utilize commercia ly available uninterruptible power supplies instead of customdesigned power distribution systems to provide power to simulators.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Multi-Skiled Engineering Manager 03/2015 to Current Company Name City , State
Graduate of Boeing's GS&S Emerging Leadership Development Program.
Selected to participate in Boeing's Systems Engineering Leadership Program.
Tested and implemented first time quality metrics across Boeing's GS&S division.
Recognized as a Technical Lead Engineer within the Hardware Engineering Integrated Product Team(IPT).
EDUCATION
These devices include the P-8A, F-22 and the CST-100 Starliner. Lead multiple initiatives with a goal of continuous improvement.
These initiatives have included a thirty-five percent reduction in the electrical engineering cost estimating relationship, simplifying the retrofit process, modifying the peer review process, implementing Design To Value and focusing on first time quality.
Master of Business Administration (MBA) Indiana University Bachelor of Science : Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering BSEE University of Evansvile
Project Management Graduate Certificate Vilanova University Interests
Secret Security Clearance Youth Sport Coordinator and Coach Skils
Air Force, budget, Hardware, Conflict Management, continuous improvement, DC, delivery, DOORS, electrical engineering, electrical systems, Engineer, Estimating, senior management, functional, drawing, Hardware Design, IBM, Leadership, Team Leadership, Leadership Development, Materials, mechanical, mechanical engineering, Microsoft O fice, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Navy, peer review, power distribution, power supplies, Presentations, Process Improvement, procurement, producing, Project Management, Project Planning, proposals, quality, Risk Analysis, schematics, Siemens, software engineering, sta fing, Systems Engineering, video
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Develop project schedules and monitor performance using Earned Value Management (EVM).
Manage communication between multiple teams including systems engineering, procurement, manufacturing and software engineering.
Lead Systems Engineer 08/2008 to 03/2015
Led a multi-functional team in the development of hardware systems to support military, space capsule and commercial flight simulators.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Supported technical proposals by defining hardware solutions, developing project schedules, assisting in the creation of a Work Breakdown Structure, producing the Bil of Materials and providing hardware labor estimates.
Served as the technical point of contact for multi-function teams including electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, software engineering, procurement and manufacturing.
Presented technical solutions and project status to senior management and customers.
Lead Electrical Engineer 05/2005 to 08/2008 Company Name City , State
Led electrical engineering for the design, development, manufacturing and delivery of ten military flight simulators for the US Air Force and two flight simulators for Singapore.
Teamwas able to complete electrical engineering tasks ahead of schedule and under budget.
Initiated the lean practice of performing hardware checkout in the final phase of manufacturing instead of waiting for manufacturing turnover.
This practice resulted in a schedule savings of three weeks per flight simulator.